Director, Product Owner – SCM Autonomation
Coupang is one of the largest and fastest growing e-commerce platforms on the planet. Our mission is to create a world in which Customers ask “How did I ever live without Coupang?” We are looking for passionate builders to help us get there. Powered by world-class technology and operations, we have set out to transform the end-to-end Customer experience -- from revolutionizing last-mile delivery to rethinking how Customers search and discover on a truly mobile-first platform. We have been named one of the “50 Smartest Companies in the World” by MIT Technology Review and “30 Global Game Changers” by Forbes.
Coupang is a global company with offices in Beijing, Los Angeles, Seattle, Seoul, Shanghai, and Silicon Valley.
Who We Are?
Supply Chain Autonomation is responsible for forecasting inventory flows into and out of the Coupang network, forecasting daily sales and automating the inventory ordering process. We work with internal stakeholders in Retail and Operations to solve challenging Supply Chain problems at scale. Our systems ensure Coupang’s customers are delighted with consistently available products. Automation supports scale and efficiency of our Supply Chain processes.
How We Do It?
We use Big Data processes to generate our daily forecast, S&OP plans and buying decisions. Our systems are built on Hadoop and Spark, with forecasting models implemented in Python using SciPy, NumPy, etc. Our Automated Buying systems combine machine learning with human oversight. Software Engineers work with a cross-functional team of Data Scientists, Analysts and Product Owners to build world-class systems that keep our Supply Chain running smoothly.
Responsibilities:
Create strategic goals for the organization
Manage the SCM Product Owner team
Work with stakeholders and leadership to prioritize product roadmap
Communicate with senior leadership on business KPIs, product vision and roadmap
Collaborate with Data Science and Engineering teams to deliver new products
Propose and drive key performance indicators for the business, such as forecast accuracy and buying automation
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Science or Engineering
Master’s or MBA degree is a plus
7-10 years relevant experience
Experience in Retail or Manufacturing Supply Chain
Passion for communication