工作描述
Senior Executive Assistant- Platform, Search & Discovery
Coupang is one of the largest and fastest growing e-commerce platforms on the planet. Our mission is to create a world in which Customers ask “How did I ever live without Coupang?” We are looking for passionate builders to help us get there. Powered by world-class technology and operations, we have set out to transform the end-to-end Customer experience -- from revolutionizing last-mile delivery to rethinking how Customers search and discover on a truly mobile-first platform. We have been named one of the “50 Smartest Companies in the World” by MIT Technology Review and “30 Global Game Changers” by Forbes.
 
Coupang is a global company with offices in Beijing, Los Angeles, Seattle, Seoul, Shanghai, and Silicon Valley.
 
Key Responsibilities: 
Meeting Arrangement : including managing complex internal/external meetings, especially among the company's international locations, USA, Korea, and China.
Calendar Arrangement : Manage Executives calendar management.
Travel Arrangement : Coordinate all aspects of travel arrangements and expense reporting for the business travel including but not limited to booking flights, hotel and local transportation, providing agendas and itineraries, and arranging passport/visa requirements if necessary.
Handle high-level inquiries quickly, proactively, and follows through on tasks to successful completion, often with deadline pressures.
Handle confidential and non-routine information and facilitate communication between appropriate departments.
Responsible for any administrative support for the executives and teams. 
 
  
Qualifications: 
One who has a BS/BA degree from an accredited college.
One who has 5+ Years of Administration experience.
One who is able to manage extensive travel, multiple meetings, calendar shift and conflicts.
One who can adept at determining the urgency and importance of competing priorities.
One who is an intermediate computer skills in MS Office Applications such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc